the second day of my worlds coverage
presented by mobile it exciting right
now by Khan as well as someone who's
gonna help translate Khan so yesterday
we saw gigabyte Marines do some crazy
stuff and today it seems likely kind of
try it again
were you expecting it and did you have a
plan if they did something weird int me
to my pal John Ditullio guru eternity
motor pan do all those controller
categories imagine G recruiterbox
automation jeepers Museum I'm Donna
Botti marine to attenuate Rubens Allah
contains Shinagawa alerts in human day
ugh hundred wanna do surgeries on Rico
yesterday don't wanna you don't wanna go
today and cherub and a coach upon me day
so cricket holiday and in chrome clear
about what you say that Hedgehog Edo
tomb you shut Amato so we were aware
that K go out Marines they are team with
some brilliant ideas for their early
games so we prepared to minimize those
variables and I think they're this game
strategy they were within our
imagination range so it was rather more
practical for us is it fun for you to
have a team that is so unconventional
and your group or is it more annoying
like you just don't know what they're
gonna do you understand Telugu some
central game and Timmy at enjoy it and
it totally gross income Galgiani man and
sucked him all the truth table ring
Atmos New Zealand on ago the tauron
is a heron Anton Chigurh game muhammadan
abduhu wa totemo pay we're getting what
we call them to all of their games at
sadly so we are a big concern playing
against them but I think it's more an
enjoyable experience because you get to
learn more play styles and about how
foreign teams play around the meta well
I just say gigabyte Marines they don't
play like other four-inch see that
they're kind of their own thing
but speaking of you know the other teams
what do you think of the Western teams
this year the first week of groups all
the Western fans always want to know if
their teams have a chance
I'm curious if you think there's any
chance for Western teams have a team
again argument upon one do disagree
Manon is a champion didn't even know to
cover those haven't ended a currency not
John the pillars in the matter human
Hadoop win the concerns watching coach
beginning seems want ended about me
wrapped in Derry even wrote acquit her
sis correlational even at his which was
announced in the rotor Jose Costa coral
sake TSN maintenant je occur se Kyung
gear opponents do the talented cast the
played among cotton honest about uni
channel djamena
already born and tomorrow saloon some
delicacy channel consulting I think g2
and system you could be really different
for them for this tournament
I was watching chess and played earlier
this day and I was impressed by a lot of
the place and not their late game
management so I think this could be the
year for those two teams okay I have to
ask you again about TSM because I feel
like a lot of the Western fans are
watching the TSM game and they're like
this is crazy and weird but you are
impressed by it
what about them were impressed you Jason
Monday to pooja me on a silicon gears
abundance romping didn't TSM Gyeonggi
unified you go with rocket attack to the
I hug attend a hands-on student intake
Adams
don't do lot are able to slide a lot
that was my Sunday
Tottenham did TSM play haedongcheong
community pony person you say oh hey no
new DNA so it says how just talking well
not it in it has a man who as you go
could it is a team Hunter and cron creme
de yong chun qiu qian children the
Youngs equation so do is a hunter Alton
which are adorable
okay so Congress wrote or tune you know
taught wounds importance in octave I was
most impressed by their team fights I I
think due to their of communication like
since they have all five English
speaking on players my Eden they're like
national na LCS League and during
practice I was really impressed by the
team fight and I think as a tournament
goes on they will also improve their
team management game management and
their overall gameplay
okay never out TSM I want to ask about
you
so you were previously playing in China
I am curious what it is like for you to
be back in China do you like it you know
and why the concerns okay in Jerusalem
there is a donation with her Thank You
Megan - each angle was okay how's Rocco
Neil Hannon was she talking a ton G to
come Wanda Ortega jr. then the Teredo
guru tattwa scream boo boo Tanzanian day
is a good day Tony I'm gonna do 20 under
eye socket M&A said whatever drama not I
was have to go EJ nunn-lugar so super
easy hungry in total caffeine
consumption in their hand okay so I'm
going from toxins resort somewhere ok
secretary Sanger so in the Sigma V gay
to camera sector oh cool keep oil so
actually when I was in China for I
didn't get to play much games and
participated in many scrims
but of course I think that fault was on
me but as time passed I think I improved
and now it feels much better to be in
China as a cream player in a Korean team
rather than a cream player in Chinese
team so I li glad that I'm here to
represent else Kelly finally I feel so
you are not a big fan of tanks in top
lane and yet the meta is very much about
tanks and top lane so how do you feel
about this matter and how are you
managing it politic padule it's a tinkle
but I learned until o champion - what we
do man
comet Elenin thing called to reach money
to mean key in the Pico rule some of the
wind they jiggle him with him betrayed
his own concerns we know Tony G from
Guam de miedo to take each one also the
cold sugar way so epitome to get him and
she could one do carry money now
incidentally Hubbard is a chicken potato
tank OT low some hope she's happy I have
seen him play with her has determinant
tempered intelligent humor she does ha
ha go boat in color Anson one until
songyang Camuto shoes over chicken
karahi busan Veronica the ashes on
wooden an easy on jet and 10 Carissa
cocky
she's to be on to get Sumida so sorry
okay so I think the current meta is more
since the Crim patch for this world
championship is before this artists
answer was nerves so definitely more
focus on the bottom lane but I think top
lane meta is regardless of that because
like as long as you can play well your
lane and if you play tank or dealer it
doesn't really matter it's just that I
more of a ggressive player so I prefer
to play a dealer champion but I also
practice tank tank champions a lot and I
think I'm prepared well so rather than
worrying but worrying about if I can
play two tank champions I hope my fans
will look forward when I first played my
tank champion in this tournament very
good
looking forward to it indeed is there
anything that you would like to say to
any of the fans out there
Mandira game as meeting the opinion on
three key - a key - among two um play
pourriez-vous Rococo is a song song
which is rhetoric talks in Doha which
was supposed to Milla comes amid ah so I
hope I can show it the play that my fans
are hoping to watch and we're trying
really hard as a team to to achieve that
final victory in this world so please
keep cheering for us thank you so much
for the interview and thank you home in
for one also you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things worlds
right here on my youtube channel
everyone I'm having a blast in China but
there's some bad news
I actually do not have a return ticket
because mobile decks sent me over here
and they said unless a bunch of people
sign up at mobile it's out GG / Travis
and enter the giveaway they're not
bringing me back to the states so if
you'd like to see me and spring split
next year please please be sure to check
them out